Add Cell and Space Ranger Docker images to scpca-nf repo (#1186)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: docker/spaceranger/README.md

> This folder contains a Dockerfile for the cellranger analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains a Dockerfile for the spaceranger analysis.
```

## Building the image

> In order to build this image, the spaceranger software source code components must be downloaded separately to comply with licensing, and should be placed in this folder (`images/spaceranger`).

Reviewer: some comment for path, `images` -> `docker` throughout

> - The current version of Space Ranger used here is `4.0.1` and can be downloaded from [10X Genomics Website](https://support.10xgenomics.com/spatial-gene-expression/software/downloads/latest) after agreeing to their license terms.

Reviewer: This link doesn't work for me, but this does! https://www.10xgenomics.com/support/software/space-ranger/downloads

Author: Admitting I didn't check this link. They seem to have rearranged things and maybe even authentication isn't really required? But you do still need an authenticated URL, so automation still may not work. 
```suggestion
- The current version of Space Ranger used here is `4.0.1` and can be downloaded from [10X Genomics Website](https://www.10xgenomics.com/support/software/space-ranger/downloads) after agreeing to their license terms.
```

- Following download, decompress the file to `space-ranger-4.0.1` within this directory (we do this outside the docker image to save space inside)

Following download of Space Ranger, you can build the image running the following command from this `docker/spaceranger` working directory:

```

> docker buildx build . -t scpca-spaceranger:4.0.1 --platform linux/amd64

Reviewer: 👍
